even bothered me around a long time and
I come along and claim I can prove it
and I've got nobody's worth it
oh man and yes it's times and there's a
big article about me because I'm rather
cross about but it says more or less
crazy old man thinks he saw stuff but
even I bought this ha ha ha but not
quite a bad news that time sleek I have
solved it so I am certain descended
b-but I've got this problem fully tied
up and moreover unlike people certain I
wasn't even looking for the bottom I was
trying to do something different that's
exactly what I was gonna ask where was
that moment when you realized it you
know your work could because you were
looking at the time to come yes
fundamental protein feelings so how did
you go from that and suddenly think oh
this this could work with with riemann
like how did that well it's complicated
story cuz i did actually say something
bothers me they're back what I said then
still true but I think now he's a
brutally my process be the demand both
is not true now that's it's
contradictory but if you know your girl
is not it means you can prove the name
and hypothesis with a certain set of
axioms with more actions you can prove
another hypothesis but you can't prove
all that you can't do go through all the
people all the time eventually called
says name plus ultra
you've reached end of the road you can't
get out of bounds and that's a real
story but on the way I prove the Riemann
hypothesis because I prove it upside
down people really wanted to wait too
late cut in the road look back and tell
all the Riemann hypothesis they could
have I start them any word I choose the
first thing i prophesy come to the man
cave i solve it
ok what's great be deal i'm so many more
even i was in front the next day
there'll be another one more general one
no Jenny Niang take the one at a time
yeah so that's you're fine you're gonna
go for the other ones and I think after
a while I haven't
I've done the first few you see ideas
just behave on the same way and more or
less that's correct
so yes well is it you know the first
step is the one that can good
friendships paid for that he could yes
so first step is actually you know the
most dramatic day can you take so you
you gave this this outline of the proof
the earth in your lecture and then are
you I assume you're going to to sort of
write this up fully or is it already
available the full proof or will this be
coming over the next few weeks full
proof is available in the following
sense
you read that my short paper bikini five
babies I and and you read my favor of
the fine-structure constant means about
15 babies they'll be dreaming in the
hope okay I mean I'll be smart enough to
understand that I know if he was a
little bit
it's there but I'm gonna write another
paper but that would be the best proof
and I would say lovey remeber here now
now say look it's course I I need all
the time what the fuss about
you